4 questions to ask in the Exam ::

=> What is the best tool to monitor with ? :: 9 out of 10 times it will be cloudwatch. but there are some limitations which we will later in the course

=> Is that metric available by default ? :: So here we need to decide whether amazon would be able to look into this data itself, or is it something I need
    to configure my self by installing cloudwatch agent

=> Where can I find those logs ? :: So here we can say cloudwatch logs are enough. For just storing them we can use S3. but for realing time viewing and
    processing we have different tools.

=> Di need to adjust that alarm ? :: We can get the question to basically make that alarm fire more frequently or may be to decrease the frequecy of the 
    alarm. So in this situation we need to think of So i need to adjust the alarm.

What to know for the Exam ::

=> Cloudwatch is the main tool for everything alarm related.

=> Not everything should go through cloudwatch :: We will discuss some other tools in future, but AWS standards should be watched by AWS config.
    For example, are my EC2 instances using approved AMI, this will be somthing very difficult to craft with Cloudwatch in AWS. but AWS config provide this
    out of the box.

=> Know your intervals :: The standard metric is delivered every 5 minutes, while detailed monitoring delivers data every 1 minute. 5 minute metric is free 
    whereas 1 min metric comes with additional charges.
    You need to make sure that, you souldn't set monitoring per 1 minute, where the data points are coming in every 5 min or so. This will never let your alarm
    work properly. So you should know your interval.

=> Cloudwatch Logs is the place for logs. Its important to know EC2, on-primises, RDS, Lambda, and cloudtrail can all integrate with this service.

=> SQL ? think of cloudwatch logs insights. you don't have to know it in depth, but its a good idea to have high-level understanding of this service.

=> Real time means Kinesis :: We will cover this service in our big data section, so avoid picking cloudwatch logs if it asks for areal-time logging service.
    Cloudwatch logs are near realtime but not realtime.